hi my name is Lauren and a few things
about myself are that I'm 16 years old
I'm going to be a junior in high school
this fall and I take piano lessons I
have for about eight or nine years I'm
also all my church's worship team I
played the keys and I sing and I just
really enjoy this ministry i just joined
it about a month and a half ago and i
love it because it's just such an
awesome way to be able to minister
people through worship and bring the
presence of the lord and is so awesome
another thing is i take tap and jazz
classes and i have for roughly five
years i really enjoy it i'm really into
music to picked up the acoustic guitar
and late january and i've been teaching
myself over that over the past few
months and another thing one of my
favorite things to do is to spend time
in the word and in worship in a prayer I
just love to spend time with the Lord
and I know that sounds so cliche like
everyone says that but I have such a
heart for the lord I became a Christian
a little over a year ago I grew up in a
family christian home but I never
actually claimed God as my own and I
never actually lived out full out for
him and all his commands and was a true
disciple I was just a believer and so
it's been an awesome journey over the
past year and I just this is the way I
want to live I love living for Jesus
it's the best thing that that anyone
could ever do and one of my favorite
verses is Jeremiah 29 11 for any of the
plans I have for you declares the Lord
plans to prosper you to keep you to give
you plan hope and a future and not to
harm you I don't know exactly that's
roughly what it is and i love this first
because he is in control and that no
matter what happens he has a plan for us
even if we're going through hard times
he has a plan for her for us everything
happens for a reason and to know that
God is in control and that you're small
petty problems are nothing compared to
what his big plan is for our lives it's
just really cool and really inspiring um
I'm also the oldest
five children and including myself so I
four younger siblings and we've adopted
one from China so that's been an awesome
story it's kind of a long story but
basically when I was younger I used to
pray every night for a little girl that
we would adopt a little girl something
because I have three brothers and no
sisters so um then my parents had it
laid on her heart that we were to adopt
from China and now we have my sister who
is such a blessing to our family and so
yeah that's about all I have I really am
looking forward to this opportunity to
be able to do this hall for this company
I love this company i bought the team
jesus because I dourdan Jacob can't save
you sure in black and I absolutely love
it so many people are like oh I like
your shirt i like your shirt so it's um
this would be such a blessing in such an
outreach and i'm so excited for this
opportunity so thank you so much and
i'll talk to you soon bye